well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about what the house Intel Committee
released because wow that's a wild ride
isn't it if you haven't gone through it
yet understand you need to it's 38 pages
link is gonna be below if you've been
following this channel for any length of
time you know that the fact that I'm
putting the link down there should tell
you you need to read it we're gonna go
through what I think is important in it
and I'm gonna kind of give you a hot
take on it understand there are things
that could happen that could change my
read on this this is my opinion there
are a lot of facts that are unknown
there are things that could add more
context but regardless of the the full
story as it develops this is something
we have to talk about and we have to
make sure it doesn't get swept under the
rug because there are some pretty
serious allegations that could be made
from this I will also say that it
certainly does appear to draw a circle
and then align straight to the Oval
Office
as far as the people are better involved
okay so on page one there's that note it
say on writs letterhead and basically
it's it's a to-do list and once again
it's announced it's saying that they
need to get the president of Ukraine to
announce the investigation into the
Biden's every time it shows up that
words there we've talked about it on
this channel before it's the one thing
to me and that shows that this was
purely political they never really
worried about the investigation actually
pink conducted they just want it
announced they're looking for a scandal
not for justice okay page three
the same handwriting notes says get rid
of get rid of some body you're ready
Davis and in parentheses a nicely I
don't really want to speculate too much
on that I just want to mark that I think
that's going to turn out to be really
important later on to page seven this
whole time we've been told that Giuliani
is the president's personal attorney on
page seven there's a message that
appears to come from him that in regards
to a declined visa he says I can revive
it that's a whole lot of authority to
give a personal attorney the ability to
sway whether or not somebody gets a visa
to enter the country that that may be a
little beyond the authority that a
personal attorney should have and that
may become important when it comes to
let's just say piercing the veil later
now here's where it gets wild
scroll down to seventeen and this is a
conversation between par ness and robert
f hyde and it starts off with Wow
can't believe Trump there's a typo but
it's Trump hasn't fired this B word I'll
get right on that there are a whole lot
of people that seem to have a lot of
influence over you know ambassadorships
that seems odd but whatever a couple of
attachments and then this is where it's
just this is where eyebrows start
getting raised she's uh she's under
heavy protection outside Kiev and that
was sent to March 23rd Parnassus
responds I know crazy
Robert hide my guy thinks maybe FSB let
me stop right there his guys wrong the
odds that the FSB that is Russian by
the odds that they would be protecting a
US ambassador and that is the widely
accepted context for this is that this
is a discussion about Jovanovic the
chain of events required for the FSB to
be protecting a US ambassador is even
crazier than this I see that as highly
unlikely there's a number of reasons
this could have been said if his guy
whoever his guy is is Russian and he
tags people that he sees as let's just
say federal law enforcement that would
be how he said it
it would be comparable to an American
saying well the feds are there he said
the FSB or he could mean SBU which is
the Ukrainian version another very very
unlikely scenario is that they have
contractors who were former FSB but
again that's it's almost impossible
you're most likely read on this is that
his guy whoever his guy is is Russian
and saw people in suits and that's how
he relayed the information it's probably
just a language thing there's a lot of
people making a big deal out of that I
would find it really unlikely that that
the FSB was involved it just it doesn't
seem to be grounded in reality
okay so there's some more news clippings
and attachments back and forth and par
Nass just responds with interesting my
guess is that parn s understood what I
just said okay and then we get back to
the conversation they are moving her
tomorrow the guys over they assuming
that's a type over there asked me what I
would like to do and what is in it for
them
and then wake up Yankees man she's
talked to three people her phone is off
computer is off she's next to the
embassy not in the embassy private
security been there since Thursday it
certainly does appear that somebody's
conducting surveillance on a u.s.
Ambassador that's that's pretty wild
okay Parnassus responds again
interesting Robert F Hyde they know
she's a political puppet they will let
me know when she's on the move and
they'll let me know when she's on the
move
Parnassus perfect back to hide I mean
where if they can find out the address I
sent you checks out it's next to the
embassy they are willing to help if you
would like a price guess you can do
anything in the Ukraine with money what
I was told
Parnas lol all of that yeah that's
really Shady
and the idea that somebody is conducting
surveillance on a u.s. embassy is
terrifying because it means one of two
things your time like either straight
goons that just do not know any better
or real pros embassies are it's like a
giant camera facing out I can assure you
there is photographic evidence of
whoever this was back to hide update she
will not be moved special security unit
upgraded force on the compound people
already aware of the situation my
contacts are asking what is the next
step because they cannot keep going to
check people will start to ask questions
there was ever if there was a wonder
about whether or not this was something
secretive well there's your answer
if you want her out they need to make
contact with security forces from
Ukrainians what's the word bro any good
stuff call you soon in studio
let's go homes RG was good but Ingram
had some hard questions nothing has
changed
she is still not moving they checked
today again hi buddy it's confirmed
we have a person inside Parnassus sends
a news clip or something back to hide
nice hey brother do we stand down or you
still need intel be safe
she had visitors it's confirmed we have
a person inside hey bro tell me what
we're doing what's the next step
there's a lot of speculation about that
everything from causing her harm to just
intimidating her there's a whole bunch
of stuff and yeah there needs to be
there needs to be answers to the exact
context of this it certainly appears
shady I believe it was but we need more
we need to find out exactly what this
meant because there's that there are
some huge allegations from this and I
definitely suggest you read the rest of
it it lays out a lot of other stuff and
will I'm sure we will get more into this
again later this week interesting times
isn't it anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good night